Add message for Cargo.lock conflicts (#12092)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/faq.md

If after trying to debug your issue, however, you're still running into problems
then feel free to [open an
issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/new)!

### Why does Cargo.lock conflict?

`Cargo.lock` contains exact information about your dependencies. It should be 
generated and maintained by Cargo and should not be edited manually. If there is 
a dependency conflict caused by changing the content of `Cargo.lock` when editing 
or merging branches, it is recommended to try to run `cargo generate-lockfile` to 

> solve it.

Reviewer: I personally wouldn't recommend this. `cargo generate-lockfile` will update all dependencies, which is usually not what is wanted.

I think most conflicts can be trivially resolved manually. The format is not that complicated, and editing manually shouldn't be such a concern.

I would say that if there are non-trivial conflicts, you can reset all "yours" changes, fix all other conflicts in the branch, and then run some cargo command (like `cargo tree` or `cargo check`), which should re-update the lockfile with your own local changes. If you previously ran some `cargo update` commands in your branch, you can re-run them that this time.

If you previously ran some `cargo update` commands in your branch, you can re-run 
them that this time.

Besides that, there are other situations that create conflicts. Unfortunately, in 
many cases these conflicts cannot be resolved automatically and need to be resolved 
manually:

- The project and its dependencies use [links][links] to repeatedly link the local 
library.Cargo forbids linking two packages with the same native library, so even with 
multiple layers of dependencies it is not allowed. At this time, you need to 
manually delete the redundant link value. however, that there are [conventions in 
place][conventions-in-place] to alleviate this.

- When depending on different crates in the project, if these crates use the same 
dependent library, but the version used is restricted, making it impossible to 
determine the correct version, it will also cause conflicts.

- If there are multiple versions of dependencies in the project, when using 
[`direct-minimal-versions`][direct-minimal-versions], the minimum version requirements 
cannot be met, which will cause conflicts.

- If the dependent crate does not have the features you choose, it will also cause 

> conflicts. At this time, you need to check the dependent version and its features;

Reviewer 2: These look valid and well-written from the angle of “versions conflict” at runtime. However, it doesn't really directly contribute to `Cargo.lock` file conflicts. I think we may change the heading to something like `What does “version's conflict” mean and how to resolve it?`

And maybe this FAQ should be put in this way:

> > failed to select a version for `x` which could resolve this conflict
>
> Have you seen the error message above?
> 
> This is one of the most annoying error message for Cargo users. There are several situations may lead us to a version conflict. Below we'll walk through possible causes and provide diagnostic techniques to help you out there:
>
> (list possible situations, steps to diagnose, and ways to work around respectively…)
>

If after trying to debug your issue, however, you're still running into problems
then feel free to [open an
issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/new)!

> ### What does “version's conflict” mean and how to resolve it?

Reviewer 2: I don't know what's going on when my phone's autocorrection. My bad. However, this should be

```suggestion
### What does "version conflict" mean and how to resolve it?
```

And we don't need curly quotes. mdbook will convert them for us. My bad again.

Author: Thank you very much for your guidance. This was my mistake, I didn't double check.

> failed to select a version for `x` which could resolve this conflict

Have you seen the error message above?

This is one of the most annoying error message for Cargo users. There are several 
situations may lead us to a version conflict. Below we'll walk through possible 
causes and provide diagnostic techniques to help you out there:

> - The project and its dependencies use [links][links] to repeatedly link the local 

Reviewer 2: Please follow the style adding two spaces for subsequent lines in the same list item.

```markdown
- First line.
  Second line.
- Another item.
```

library. Cargo forbids linking two packages with the same native library, so even 
with multiple layers of dependencies it is not allowed. In this case, the error 
message will prompt: `Only one package in the dependency graph may specify the same

>  links value`, you need to manually check and delete duplicate link values. however, 
>  that there are [conventions in place][conventions-in-place] to alleviate this.

Reviewer 2: * Use "may" to soften the tone.
* I think the link label part can be omitted when the lint text matches a link reference definition in the document. (and ditto elsewhere)

```suggestion
 links value`, you may need to manually check and delete duplicate link values. The
 community also have [conventions in place] to alleviate this.
```

> - When depending on different crates in the project, if these crates use the same 
> dependent library, but the version used is restricted, making it impossible to 
> determine the correct version, it will also cause conflicts.The error message will 
> prompt: `all possible versions conflict with previously selected packages`. Please 
> modify the version requirements to make them consistent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When depending on different crates in the project, if these crates use the same 
dependent library, but the version used is restricted, making it impossible to 
determine the correct version, it will also cause conflicts. The error message will 
prompt: `all possible versions conflict with previously selected packages`. You 
may need to modify the version requirements to make them consistent.
```

- If there are multiple versions of dependencies in the project, when using 
[`direct-minimal-versions`][direct-minimal-versions], the minimum version 
requirements cannot be met, which will cause conflicts. Please check in the 
dependency graph of the project, the version requirements for dependencies 
are inconsistent. Please modify the version requirements to make them consistent.

- If the dependent crate does not have the features you choose, it will also 
cause conflicts. At this time, you need to check the dependent version and its 
features.

> Conflicts occur when merging branches or PRs, if there are non-trivial conflicts, 

Reviewer 2: I think this deserves a list item, no? It looks like just one of those situations to me. Something like

```suggestion
- Conflicts may occur when merging branches or PRs, if there are non-trivial conflicts, 
```

you can reset all "yours" changes, fix all other conflicts in the branch, and then 
run some cargo command (like `cargo tree` or `cargo check`), which should re-update 
the lockfile with your own local changes. If you previously ran some `cargo update` 
commands in your branch, you can re-run them that this time. The community has been 
looking to resolve merge conflicts with `Cargo.lock` and `Cargo.toml` using a 
[custom merge tool][custom-merge-tool].

> [links]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/resolver.html#links
> [conventions-in-place]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html#-sys-packages
> [direct-minimal-versions]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/cargo/reference/unstable.html#direct-minimal-versions
> [custom-merge-tool]: https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/1818

Reviewer 2: * Relative links
* Let link reference definitions match link texts

```suggestion
[links]: reference/resolver.html#links
[conventions in place]: reference/build-scripts.html#-sys-packages
[`direct-minimal-versions`]: reference/unstable.html#direct-minimal-versions
[custom merge tool]: https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/1818
```
